How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Comparing two files made it easy to find differences between the two, and a difference was likely where a mistake was introduced.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    I can look at older versions to see what changes I have made.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros: You won't have tons of files saved without any major
    changes, all the saved commits will be complete and will
    make sense to the compiler.
	Cons: If you don't remember to save, or if you don't have a chance to save, you can lose all your work. You also have to make a judgment call about what is the right size for a commit.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Maybe because a coding project might contain multiple documents that all tie into each other, 
	whereas Google Docs might be more suitible for independent documents.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    You can use git log to see a list of all the commits that have been pushed to the repository. Each entry can also have a note that says why the new commit was made.
    You can use git diff in the command line to compare two versions and check for differences. You can find versions to compare using git log.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    It would make it easy to go back to a version that you know works for sure. 
	Also, if something doesn't work, you could compare the new version with an older, working one
	and that might help you see why something isn't working.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I'd like to try using it for Arduino sketches for the LED wearables I'm thinking of making.


